improvement/VCLTJV-10 add gradle release and update release doc (#28)
scality/vaultclient-java: docs/release.md

2. Run release workflow in the [github actions release page](https://github.com/scality/vaultclient-java/actions/workflows/release.yml).

> 3. Once the release workflow is complete successfully, proceed to Nexus Repository Manager to check if the released package is present.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Once the release workflow has successfully completed, proceed to Nexus Repository Manager to check if the released package is present.
```

    
   > Nexus Repo link: https://oss.sonatype.org/#nexus-search;quick~com.scality
   > 
   > For login credentials, they are stored in github secrets or can be obtained by emailing Object Squad <object-squad@scality.com>
    
4. If the release workflow fails at ``Gradle Publish Release to Nexus`` step, and raises error `Wrong number of received repositories in state 'open'. Expected 1, received 2`.

>    >That's because that there are old open stating repositories from this project or OSIS project that has not yet been released. 

Reviewer: Can you quickly explain this sentence to me? Do you mean staging? Maybe:
"It's because there are old open staging repositories from this project or OSIS project that have not been released yet."

Author: this was indeed not very clear 😅 
[this step gradle uploadArchive](https://github.com/scality/vaultclient-java/pull/28/files#diff-c638d5d32fa62ee9cf43dd38cd5b37e8d12652857c685a289ec747f66065ea51R49) is send the packages to a place named `staging repositories` in Nexus, and the packages will be staying there open if we don't execute [the next step gradle closeAndRelease ](https://github.com/scality/vaultclient-java/pull/28/files#diff-c638d5d32fa62ee9cf43dd38cd5b37e8d12652857c685a289ec747f66065ea51R53) to release them. so if sometime we do a `grade uploadArchive` manually and forget to gradle closeAndRrelease it and forget to release it manually from the staing repositories, whenever  we want to release another package, gradle will raise this error, it doesn't know which one to release, it always expected that there is only one open repository waiting to be released.
